Scenarios: No MA, MA in processing, existing MA (#54)
vippsas/vipps-partner-api: vipps-partner-api.md

This may be useful:
[Typical reasons for delays](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-partner/blob/main/README.md#typical-reasons-for-delays).

### Scenarios

In order to get approved to have a product ("Vipps på nett", "Vipps Login", etc)

> with Vipps the merchant must first have a formal agreement with Vipps, called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with Vipps, the merchant must first have a formal agreement with Vipps, called
```

the Merchant Agreement (MA).

Merchants need both a Merchant Agreement (MA) and a Product Order (PO) to
be able to accept Vipps payments:
* MA: An agreement between the merchant and Vipps, signed with BankID.
  The MA contains information about all direct and indirect owners, any
  politically exposed persons, etc. The MA is signed with BankID.
* PO: This is an order for "Vipps på nett", "Vipps Login", etc. The merchant

>   must provide some information about thew use, whether the3 cardholder is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  must provide some information about the use, whether the cardholder is
```

  present, etc. The PO is not signed with BankID.

A merchant may order a Vipps product (submit a PO) with or without a Merchant Agreement (MA).

**Please note:** The only method Vipps has to verify that a user has the right
to sign a MA for a merchant is by using data from
[Brønnøysundregistrene](https://brreg.no).
It is therefore a requirement that the user logging in on
[portal.vipps.no](https://portal.vipps.no)
is registered as chairman of the board ("styreleder") or CEO ("daglig leder").

> 

Reviewer: Probably add some information that the link is not needed, that with a valid MA, the merchant can at any time find the prefill on the MP home page.

Author: Takk, lagt til.

#### Scenario 1: The merchant does not have a Merchant Agreement

1. The partner prefills the PO using
   [`POST:/products/orders`](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/partner#tag/Vipps-Product-Orders/operation/orderProduct)
   and gets a link to the prefilled PO on
   [portal.vipps.no](https://portal.vipps.no).
2. The merchant user uses the link and logs in with BankID on
   [portal.vipps.no](https://portal.vipps.no).
3. Based on the prefilled data and the BankID login,
   the merchant is presented with the form(s) for the MA.
4. The merchant completes and submits the MA for processing.   
5. The merchant is presented with the prefilled PO,
   checks the details in the PO and submits it.
6. Vipps processes the PO and sends both the merchant and partner an
   email when done. The partner can also check with the API:

>    [`GET:/merchants/{orgno}`](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/partner#tag/Merchants/operation/getMerchant).

Reviewer: Have you tested this. Wouldn't this just continue with scenario 2, since it would be in a state where the MA is being processed.

Author: Nope, I have not tested. That's what I need help with.
